hey guys I know I already did a video on
how to make a minecraft server with
hamachi this is without which if you
want to do is open up your browser go to
mine craft net click download minecraft
server that Yuki this is for windows so
yeah then we want to do is you want to
make it make it little window then you
want to right click on your desktop new
new folder you can name it whatever you
want on the name it my server then drag
that into that you want to keep your
browser
then you can open that you can check
that off so you don't have to do that
every time it's just failed to load
doesn't matter doesn't do anything okay
now you have all this stuff you want to
right click on server property open with
change and click notepad but then you
want to open that up I'm just motd you
can do whatever you want I'm gonna be a
pvp griefing server hard for PvP be true
here's all this stuff and I'm server IP
unless you want to go to start and type
in CMD but if you have you have XP then
there's going to be like run over here
run then you can want to type in sandy
okay then here's this you want to type
in IP con big
then it will show this I find IP for
address in sac people address ok there's
a 13 at the end but what you want to do
is come over here and I have netgear so
it's going to be ninety one ninety two
dot 6168 dot one dot one okay then this
will be right here this thing the
default pass username is admin and the
password should be password but i
changed mine so yeah i'll open up up and
up to the website there's going to be
port forwarding and port triggering
it'll be over here you want to add
custom service service name mine craft
my much for both of those 25
um sorry about that I'm server it is you
want to type in the number that you
found 13 is mine um apply
that'll be there so then you have that
so but I already have one so i can just
go down I deleted that one okay now
there's that one so then what you want
to do is come in here
oh yeah got a tip copy copy that paste
that in the vet I set up save then on
ops you want to put your want to say if
you want it white listed you can doesn't
matter but you can open that spawning
area now it doesn't say all that doesn't
say all that failed stuff because you
already it's in the folder now spawning
all of the areas it takes a while for
the first time but the second time it
doesn't take long okay now it says done
so then you want to open if it says
warning can't keep up that isn't doing
it doesn't do what you want to do is
open in my grasp multiplan direct
connect it doesn't really matter you add
servers or it doesn't okay paste that
join server then just that
okay then here's that but if you want it
to where your friends can come on and
what you want to do is come up here go
type in what is my IP address right here
this will be right here
now
now look at that now your friends can
join okay so there you have it that is
how make minecraft